Provide kafka as collector/reporter (#4847)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-receivers.md

    gRPCHost: ${SW_OC_RECEIVER_GRPC_HOST:0.0.0.0}
    gRPCPort: ${SW_OC_RECEIVER_GRPC_PORT:55678}
```

> ## Kafka receiver

Reviewer: The doc on agent side is missing?

Reviewer 2: Read my comment, this is not a receiver.

> Kafka Receiver supports to receive `TraceSegment`, `JVMMetrics` and others of Agent reported as gRPC Receiver.

Reviewer 2: Trace and JVM Metrics, please use common nouns. Don't use the class name in the codes.

Currently, it has to connect to the whole topic or single partition of topic when OAP is in cluster mode.

> And we have to configure **Zookeeper** as the OAP cluster management tool.

Reviewer: I suggest not to use too many different terms when you're saying the same thing

```suggestion
And we have to configure **Zookeeper** as the OAP cluster coordinator.
```

Reviewer 2: Why we need a Zookeeping to be OAP cluster management? Which parts of codes using the this? 
This fetcher is only taking responsibility for itself, the coordinator is for distributed aggregation. If the user wants Zookeeper for Kafka, and another coordinator, such as k8s, for OAP, I can't see the blocks. Is this?

> **Suggestion and recommend**, creating the Kafka topics by self before OAP Server starting. Although OAP server

Reviewer 2: What are the topics, and what are they for? And which are the recommend commands with parameters? We need a very clear doc about this.

Reviewer 2: `Suggestion and recommend` are not the same. Please make this part clear. Also, you have codes to create topic automatically, what they are going to do, also should be declared clearly here.

will create these if not exist.

To active the `default` implementation:
```yaml
receiver-kafka:

>   selector: ${SW_RECEIVER_KAFKA:-}

Reviewer: `-` won't active the implementation, instead, it disables the implementation
